Add ML2 baremetal mechanism driver support for Ironic adoption (#1341)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_deploying-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service.adoc

+
** Replace `<name>` with the name of your existing `OpenStackControlPlane` CR, for example, `openstack-control-plane`.
* The {identity_service_first_ref}, {networking_first_ref}, and {image_service_first_ref} are operational.

> * The {networking_service} is configured with the ML2 baremetal mechanism driver. For more information, see xref:adopting-the-networking-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the {networking_service}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {networking_service} is configured with the ML2 bare-metal mechanism driver. For more information, see xref:adopting-the-networking-service_adopt-control-plane[Adopting the {networking_service}].
```

Reviewer: Ah, ok. In that case, you can leave it as baremetal, no quotes.

For context, I added the hyphen because we hyphenate "bare-metal" when it is used as an adjective. But since that is its proper name, we'll leave it as "baremetal."
